Kayden: Good morning, Inuit.
Ladislaus: Hi, folks.
Ladislaus: We are almost… Not enough people. Is the meeting canceled or not?
Ladislaus: Oh, do you happen to know that?
unnawut: I'm not aware of any updates, so I assume it's still ongoing, that the chat.
Ladislaus: because…
unnawut: The chapters.
Ladislaus: Because I believe Will is… at least Will is traveling, I've heard.
Ladislaus: But I haven't seen, like, the event being taken of the… let me quickly take a look…
Ladislaus: of the, of the Ethereum calendar. Oh, it's still on there.
Ladislaus: There's also an Islam issue?
Ladislaus: Oh, no, it's an old issue.
Ladislaus: Yeah, I mean, okay, we can…
unnawut: I mean, we… well, we have Reem and Zim and Clean here, so maybe a quick update from each team?
Ladislaus: Yeah, yeah, why not?
unnawut: Well, actually, yeah, we'll just post it.
Ladislaus: Pardon? Starting now.
unnawut: I knew it was coming. I just saw it in the chat.
Ladislaus: Whoops, where… What happened in the chat? Sorry, I didn't see this.
unnawut: Oh, Will? Will just posted in chat that it's starting now, so I assume he's coming in.
Ladislaus: Oh, is it a different…
Ladislaus: Okay, yeah, maybe we give it another 60 seconds.
Ladislaus: But, yeah, let me quickly check this Zoom link. Is it a new Zoom link? No.
unnawut: Actually, it's… it looks different.
unnawut: For me.
Ladislaus: Void for…
Ladislaus: I will click on the… I will leave this meeting and see if… if any…
unnawut: Okay.
Ladislaus: We'll just fail.
unnawut: Okay, so Kaden just said that we are in the wrong zoom link, so… oh.
unnawut: There are more people joining.
unnawut: Interesting.
unnawut: But since Will was there, I guess, like, let's join that one. I'll just post a link here.
unnawut: I see you in the other room.
Justin Drake: Hi, Tamara, are you here? Can you hear me?